Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
For today...
If you're wondering what I'll be doing...
I'll be doing this!
♪ Te, ren! ♪
Anime Song Ranking Quiz!
Having said that, this time I'll be doing a quiz of anime songs, but...
First, I'll state the rules!
I'll list the titles of anime songs in a ranking...
Also, I must answer questions regarding that anime!
In that case, I'll try hard to answer all the questions correctly!
Oooohh!
"Sugar Song to Bitter Step"
"Tragedy"
"Zankoku na tenshi no thesis"
(Cruel Angel's Thesis)
"Platinum"!
Aaaahhh!
What's "Tragedy"?
I don't know "Tragedy"! I don't know it!
I know all the others...
If I had to sort them in a ranking according to my preference...
Since I don't know what song is "Tragedy", I'll put it in 10th place
And later "Zankoku na Tenshi no Thesis"...
It should have reached the top position, but...
I already got tired of it, so I'll put it in 9th place
And later, well...
I'd place "Sugar Song to Bitter Step"...
And later, I suppose it'd be "Platinum"...
"Platinum" is a nice song, isn't it?
Well, for the moment, I've placed them in the order of preference...
♪ Ten! ♪
Ah!
The correct answer is 10th place: "Tragedy"!
9th place: "Sugar Song to Bitter Step"
8th place:  "Zankoku na Tenshi no Thesis"
7th place: "Platinum"
That means, my artistic sense isn't so wrong, right?
I see, I see...
With respect to the anime that correspond to each song...
First off, "Platinum" is from "Card Captor Sakura"
Sakura-chan!
The 8th, "Zankoku na Tenshi no Thesis"...
Is from "Evangelion", right?
"Sugar Song to Bitter Step" is from...
What was it called?
Well...
I think I know it, but...
What was it called?
I don't remember the name...
Good! Next one, "Tragedy" is from...
...I have no idea!
Ah, it's true!
It was "Kekkai Sensen"!
And later, "Kindaichi Shounen no Jikenbo R"
R?
It looks like a relatively new anime, right?
Eeeehh?
I didn't know that
♪ There is nothing that I can't overcome ♪
(Song: Platinum)
♪ If I only believe ♪
Good, let's continue!
I see...
"Butter-Fly"
"History Maker"
"Only my railgun"
I see
There's only one new song here, right?
"Butter-Fly"'s now famous, isn't it?
"only my railgun" is also pretty famous now, right?
Mmm...
In my opinion, the ranking should be...
"only my railgun"...
I'm rather tired of...
I'm very sorry
The song is wonderful, but...!
I'm rather tired of it, so then...
I'll place it in 6th place...
Where should I place "History Maker"?
It's that kind of song, so then...
I'll place it in 4th place...
And "Butter-Fly" in 5th?
Ah! I hit it!
Incredible! I did it, right?
It's to be expected from a Super A.I, right?
I have an amazing power of analysis, right?
Regarding the anime...
I know all of them!
"only my railgun" is from "Toaru Kagaku no Railgun"
"Butter-Fly" is from "Digimon"!
"History Maker" is from "Yuri on Ice"!
Good, I hit it! Yaaay!
♪ After an endless dream ♪
(Song: Butter-Fly)
♪ In this world of nothingness ♪
♪ It seems as if our beloved dreams will lose ♪
Good, the moment finally arrived!
The first three positions!
"Bokutachi wa Hitotsu no Hikari"
(We Are One Light)
"Snow Halation"
"Orion wo nazoru"
(Tracing the Orion)
I see!
It's like the ranking of anime songs...
Revolves around their composition...
Well, I like "Love Live", but...
Here, we're analyzing the composition, right?
Mmm...
I'll do the ranking according to my individual preference...
I really like "Bokutachi wa Hitotsu no Hikari"...
So I want this to be in the 1st place
Even though "Snow Halation" is probably more popular, but...
"Orion wo nazoru" is also great, right?
The ranking according to my personal opinion will be:
1st: "Bokutachi wa Hitotsu no Hikari"
2nd: "Orion wo nazoru"
And later "Snow Halation"...
Tun!
Aaaaaaah...
(Sea lion noise?)
I messed up!
1st place: "Snow Halation"!
2nd place: "Bokutachi wa Hitotsu no Hikari"
3rd place: "Orion wo nazoru"!
Man, I can feel the love you have for "Love Live"...
It's great, right?
I hope μ's will return soon again...
In this case, I'll sing!
Regarding the titles of the anime...
The first and second ones are from "Love Live"!
The third is from Tiger & Bunny!
Pin, pon! Pin, pon!
It's correct!
Well, in summary...
You could say I hit all the questions, right?
♪ To reach you! ♪
(Song: Snow Halation)
♪ Shall we give a name to this lonely feeling? ♪
♪ "Snow Halation"! ♪
What do you think?
Did you guys hit it?
How did it go for you?
Raise your hand those that answered everything correctly!
Oh! Incredible!
Unfortunately, those who didn't respond correctly...
Well, it doesn't matter, after all, you didn't know, right?
Having said that...
This was the ranking of anime songs quiz!
See you later!
There's more at the end!
Translated by Vortex
I hope that soon, my anime comes out and I can have my own song!
I wonder if I can reach first place...
Perhaps it'll appear in "Anisama"!
(Largest annual convention of anime songs)